# CodeForNepal monthly meeting summaries for the year 2020 


## June

- Digital literacy is extremely important, especially in the post-pandemic world. Pratima and others to work on a plan of how we carry out our mission. 
- Sweta would like to create instructional materials for people to learn how to use basic digital applications and explore the possibility to engage/involve her class in the future. 
- Asmita and Sukriti are happy to work with Sweta. 
- Ishan and Pratima are working on developing the site.
- Sukriti has a few ideas, she would like to share and work on. 


## July

- Activate the Slack channel and share it with David. Hereâ€™s the [link!](https://join.slack.com/t/codefornepal/shared_invite/zt-fm07r7gz-97iagKnDNJ3DbX8QKR6Bxg) 
- Anshu will reach out to students for internships 
- Bi-weekly DataViz
- Share syllabus 
- Get a demo of the projects we have -- and share with everyone including David 
- Create a Doodle for a new meeting time 
- Work on the website -- Ravi to follow up with Ishan and Pratima and others           


## August

- Sukriti, Pratima and Ravi will work on a blog post for Code for Nepal
- Dipak will work on Google Ad. Ravi will share details with him. 
- Laurence suggested we think about how to migrate comments from WP site to Jekyll. Here's an article he [shared.](https://aristath.github.io/blog/static-site-comments-using-github-issues-api)  
- Ishan to create a database of skillset to coordinate future projects
- Dipak will think about how to help students learn online in Sidhupalchowk area in the short term
- Ravi will share C4N's social media info to Sukriti. 
- Sweta and Ravi are working on a paper about digital learning 
- Ishan, Sukriti and Dipak will plan for a FB Live session discussing their Sindhupalchowk workshop
- Sukriti is planning to organize the Sangraha launch event before Sept. 15. Ravi will handover social media credentials to Sukriti by August 15.
- Ishan, Dipak and Ravi to work on setting up NepalMap blog
- The team agreed to launch the new website of Code for Nepal before Sept. 15. David will manage next steps and assign us tasks. 
- The team agreed to post the meeting minutes on Github too. We need to set up a repo
- Sukriti will be our host for the next monthly meeting (September)


