# Meeting Notes

- website launch and next steps (David) 
  - We'll start using codefornepal.org for the new website
  - Ishan creating a project details page to describe the projects we have. Add details about partenerships, scholarships we've done. Drop down menu for our work.
  - Ravi+Sukriti will work on a blog post w/ data viz
  - Ravi will create sitemap to submit it to google
  - Donation page needs more details
- progress on nepalmap blog (Ishan)
  - Analytical overviews and insights with new data points we can find
  - Connect dots and create stories to help readers understand charts we have
  - React: Building admin panel to make it easy to post blogs
  - Current version of nepalmap federeal have data from government. Dataset needs to be complete (need data for all district if we're adding data for just one district). 
  - election data is complete and featured in the blog.
  - blog will help us feature smaller dataset that we cannot add in nepalmap federal
  - How do we make sure nepalmap federal is providing value?
  - 2011.nepalmap.org (before federalization)
  - Reach out to journalists for exposure
  - how mobile friendly is our app? posibilites of making a native mobile app
  - rape cases escalated (1000+ cases since last FY. create data viz from that to raise awareness) - Sweta + Sukriti
  - rise of suicide cases in nepal - Sukriti
  - Github overview + issues/assignments - David
- Virginia Tech partnership (Sweta)
  - Students finished final version of their user documentation
  - Example: Instructions on how to use Youtube/Google docs
  
- scholarship/fellowship (Ravi)
- questions, comments or ideas

